If we have a turtle called Amy,
then the statement amy.forward(50) causes that turtle to move forward by 50 pixels.
Similarly, amy.back(50) causes the turtle to move backwards by 50 pixels.
One thing that's important to understand when writing
turtle programs is that the directions are all from the turtles perspective.
This can be a little bit confusing at
first when you tell the turtle to turn left or right.
At any point in the program,
the turtle is facing in a particular direction.
When you tell the turtle to turn left by 45,
you're telling it to turn left by 45 degrees from the direction it's currently facing.
So, if we want the turtle to draw a square,
we have to tell it to go forward 100 pixels,
then turn left by 90 degrees from its perspective,
forward 100, left 90,
forward 100, left 90, forward 100,
and now it's back to where it started although it's facing in a different direction now.
This can sometimes get a little confusing.
For example, if you want to draw a triangle like this,
you might be thinking of having the turtle turn by
these angles inside the triangle which are 60 degrees.
But actually, you want to have the turtle turn by these angles which are 120 degrees.
Of course, if you get confused or if you're not quite sure,
you can always experiment.
Don't be afraid to try different angles to see what results you'll get.